DOC-244: Note that eager conversion will be a thing of the past (#783)
surrealdb/docs.surrealdb.com: doc-surrealdb_versioned_docs/version-latest/surrealql/datamodel/datetimes.mdx

sidebar_position: 14
sidebar_label: Datetimes
title: Datetimes | SurrealQL
description: SurrealDB has native support for datetimes with nanosecond precision. SurrealDB is able to parse datetimes from strings.

---

:::note

> ___NOTE:___ As of version 2.0.0, SurrealDB no longer eagerly converts a string into a datetime. An implicit `d` prefix or cast using `<datetime>` is required instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
___NOTE:___ As of `v2.0`, SurrealDB no longer eagerly converts a string into a datetime. An implicit `d` prefix or cast using `<datetime>` is required instead.
```
